Welcome to your first experience with revision control.

Groups must be formed by 11/7 10PM EST
Project DUE: 11/17 10PM EST

Links:
  Our GitHub Project - https://github.com/capu/SYCS100
  Notes on Git -  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_(software)
  Git Tutorial - http://git-scm.com/docs/gittutorial


Tasks: (Details below)
  1) Form a group of 6 people.  You grade will be affected by your group.
  2) Individually create a file (bsearch.py) and implement binary search.
  3) Submit your code to your group file on our class GitHub page.


Task 1 - forming a group:
  Your group should contain at least 6 people. You must write your own code without help from
  your group members. Each group member will be expected to learn git and contribute to the 
  team's public file on GitHub. Send one email per group listing the names of everyone in your group
  to the professor by 11/7 at 10PM EST. Please name your group as well.


Task 2 - Binary Search: (20 pts)
  Implement binary search, submit it to the course website and then add it to your group's
  public file on GitHub. You must write a function bsearch that takes and list and an element
  to search for.  This function should return the index of the element if found and -1 otherwise.

  Challenge (not mandatory): Learn about recursion and also write a function bsearchRecursive that 
                             uses recursion to find the index of the value.

  Important: Due to the public nature of this project I will be watching closely for cheating
	     within a group and across groups. Any cheating will result in failure for the 
             ENTIRE group.


Task 3 - Submitting to GitHub: (80pts)
  After you submit your project to the course website, you will need to add it to your team's
  file in GitHub.  First your team must create ONE file (<groupname>bsearch.py). This file should
  be added to the directory projects/bsearch. The professor will approve changes. Each team member
  should then add their implementation of a binary search to the file. You should comment your
  code thoroughly. You may need to resolve conflicts in your file. Each teammate that does not 
  submit their code will cost the ENTIRE team 5 points. Each team member needs to create their own GitHub 
  account and submit their own code. This group file should also have a comment with the names of
  every team member.
